Title: Enfrijoladas
Description:
Source: Budget Bytes
Original URL: https://www.budgetbytes.com/enfrijoladas-tortillas-in-black-bean-sauce/
Yield: 6
Active: 30
Total: 60
Categories: mexican, blender
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/3daaf5a950cf4ac6a91489feb1f69ddd.jpg
Ingredients:
	2 15 oz cans black beans, drained $1.98
	3 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce (1 Tbsp sauce) $0.95
	1 small sweet onion, divided $0.50
	1/2 teaspoon cumin $0.05
	1/4 teaspoon garlic powder $0.02
	2 cups chicken or vegetable broth* $0.26
	12 corn tortillas $0.60
	1/4 bunch cilantro $0.25
	4 oz cheese -- queso fresco, cojita, monterey jack, or feta

Instructions:
	To make the black bean sauce, combine the drained black beans, chipotle peppers plus about 1 Tbsp of the adobo sauce, 1/4 of the sweet onion (diced), cumin, and garlic in a blender or food processor. Starting with one cup, add the broth as you blend until a smooth, thick sauce forms. Taste and adjust the salt as needed (this will depend on the salt content of the broth you use).
	Preheat the oven to 350ºF. Heat the tortillas by either microwaving the stack for 30 seconds, toasting them in a skillet, or directly on a gas burner until lightly browned. Cover the stacked warmed tortillas with foil to retain the heat and steam.
	Finely dice the rest of the sweet onion. Roughly chop the cilantro leaves, add them to the diced onion along with a pinch of salt, and stir to combine. Set the onion and cilantro mixture aside to marinate.
	Pour a small amount of the black bean sauce into a casserole dish and spread it around to cover the bottom. Pour more sauce into a wide shallow bowl or dish for dipping the tortillas.
	One by one, dip the tortillas in the black bean sauce until both sides are coated in the thick sauce. Sprinkle a little cheese and a little of the onion cilantro mixture over half of the tortilla, fold it closed, then fold in half once more to make a triangle. Place the dipped, filled, and folded tortillas in the prepared casserole dish. Be careful to only place a very small amount of filling in the tortillas to make them easier to fold. More filling will be placed on top after baking.
	Once all the tortillas are dipped, filled, folded, and placed in the casserole dish, pour any remaining black bean sauce over top. Bake the tortillas in the preheated oven for about 15 minutes, or just until heated through. Top with the remaining cheese and onion cilantro mixture after baking, then serve.
	RECIPE NOTES
	I use Better Than Bouillon to mix up broth when I need it and in the amount that I need.

