Title: Hot & Sour Soup
Description: We found that the chunks of fresh ginger in this recipe were too soapy. The fix is the boil and strain out the ginger so it doesn't end up in the serving bowls.
Source: BudgetBytes
Original URL: https://www.budgetbytes.com/2015/11/hot-sour-vegetable-soup-with-tofu/
Yield: 
Active: 
Total: 
Categories: soup
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/011e2bd96c764a90bbb4f986c1ba886c.jpg
Ingredients:
	1 Tbsp canola oil $0.04
	1 Tbsp fresh ginger, peeled, sliced (these will be boiled and pulled out of the broth)
	4 green onions $0.50
	1/4 red cabbage (optional)
	3 carrots $0.26
	8 oz. button mushrooms (small package)
	6 cups vegetable broth $0.75
	1/2 Tbsp soy sauce (or more to taste) $0.05
	1.5 to 2 Tbsp rice vinegar $0.19
	1 Tbsp chili garlic sauce or sambal olek
	14 oz. block extra firm tofu

Instructions:
	Thinly slice the cabbage, mushrooms, and the green onions (both the green and white ends of the onions).
	Peel the carrots, then either slice them thinly, use a vegetable peeler to slice them into ribbons, or cut them into thin sticks (julienne).
	Sauté the ginger and onion over medium heat until soft (1-2 minutes).
	Add 4 of the 6 cups of vegetable broth to the pot, along with the soy sauce, vinegar, and chili garlic sauce. The amount of soy sauce, vinegar, and chili garlic sauce needed may be subjective and will depend on how much salt your vegetable broth contains.
	Start with a smaller amount of each, then add more to your taste. The final broth should be tangy and spicy. Heat the broth until piping hot.
	In a separate pot, bring the 2 cups of broth and the ginger chunks to a boil, then simmer for a few minutes. When the ginger has released enough gingeryness, pour the gingery broth into the big soup pot, straining the ginger out as you pour.
	Drain the tofu, then cut it into small cubes (small enough to fit on a spoon). Add the tofu to the hot broth, and allow it to heat through ( a few minutes).
	Either add the sliced vegetables to the soup pot and cook until softened, or divide the vegetables into individual bowls for serving, then spoon the hot broth over top.
	Sprinkle the sliced green portion of the green onions over each bow. More chili garlic sauce can also be added to each bowl if desired.

