Title: Mushroom & Broccoli Lentils
Description: Make a double recipe
Source: Kitchen Illiterate
Original URL: http://www.kitchenilliterate.com/2010/05/14/mushroom-and-broccoli-lentils/
Yield: 2.5
Active: 
Total: 1 hour
Categories: lentils, mushrooms, swiss, broccoli
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/328fbd7605ef478bbdbdfd774a7e7fa0.jpg
Ingredients:
	1 tablespoons olive oil, divided
	1/2 a small onion
	2 medium carrots, chopped
	1/2 cup lentils (Puy or Umbrian will probably work best)
	1 1/2 cups vegetable stock or water, divided
	1 to 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
	about 1 1/2 cups chopped mushrooms
	1/2 teaspoon salt
	about 1 1/2 cups chopped broccoli
	about 1/3 cup grated Swiss (choose one with a rich, strong flavor, aged or English Cheddar or something)

Instructions:
	Heat a tablespoon of olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until it begins to soften.
	Stir in the carrots, then the lentils, then add a cup of the stock or water, the salt, and Worcestershire sauce.
	Cover the pan, let the mixture come a boil, then lower the heat and simmer until the carrots and lentils are cooked through, about 20 to 30 minutes.
	Meanwhile, cook the mushrooms. Heat the remaining olive oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms, spread them into a single layer in the pan, and let them cook, untouched, for a few minutes.
	Give them a little stir, add some salt, then spread them out again and cook for another few minutes. Once the mushrooms have begun to brown and soften, add the remaining half cup of stock or water and let the mushrooms continue to cook until the liquid has mostly been absorbed and cooked down.
	When the lentils are nearly done, add the broccoli to the saucepan. You can just throw them on top of the lentils and re-cover the pan and they will steam. Once the broccoli is cooked and the lentils are done, add the mixture to the pan with the mushrooms. Stir well.
	Mix in the cheese on the plate when you serve it.

