Title: Quinoa "Fried Rice"
Description:
Source: The Minimalist Baker
Original URL: https://minimalistbaker.com/30-minute-quinoa-fried-rice/
Yield: 4
Active:
Total:
Categories: quinoa, vegan
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/eeec03f5d358480eaebbf84914b3649c.jpg
Ingredients:
[QUINOA]
	1 cup uncooked quinoa
	2 cups water

[SAUCE]
	4 Tbsp coconut aminos
	1 Tbsp maple syrup
	1 Tbsp almond butter (or sub peanut butter)
	2 Tbsp lime juice
	2 teaspoon chili garlic sauce* (plus more to taste)
	1/4 cup diced green onion

[THE REST]
	1 Tbsp sesame oil (or sub water)
	1 cup finely chopped carrots
	3 Tbsp coconut aminos (DIVIDED)
	1 cup chopped green onion (save green tops for garnish)
	1 1/2 cups chopped broccoli
	1/2 cup roasted cashews (optional // or sub raw cashews)

Instructions:
	If you haven’t prepared quinoa yet (*prep/cook time does not include making quinoa), do so first by adding rinsed quinoa to a large saucepan and toasting over medium heat for 2 minutes. Add water and bring to a boil. Once boiling, reduce heat to a simmer, cover, and cook for 18 minutes or until water is absorbed and the quinoa is fluffy. Transfer cooked quinoa to a glass bowl or storage container and refrigerate (uncovered) to cool. Once completely cooled, cover. Will keep in the refrigerator up to 1 week or in the freezer up to 1 month.
	In the meantime, prepare sauce by adding all ingredients to a mixing bowl and whisking to combine. Taste and adjust flavor as needed, adding more chili garlic sauce for heat, lime for acidity, maple syrup for sweetness, almond butter for nuttiness, or coconut aminos for saltiness and depth of flavor. Set aside.
	Heat a large skillet (or wok) over medium-high heat. Once hot, add sesame oil (or water), carrots, and one third of the coconut aminos. Cover and cook for 3-4 minutes, stirring occasionally. Carrots take the longest to cook through, so they need a little time on their own.
	Next, add chopped green onion, broccoli, and cashews (optional), along with another one third of the coconut aminos. Stir, cover, and cook for 2 minutes or until broccoli appears slightly browned.
	Add cooked quinoa and the remaining one third of the coconut aminos. Stir to coat and cook for 1 minute. Then add sauce and stir.
	Cook for another 4-5 minutes, stirring occasionally. You want the quinoa to have a chance to sit at the bottom of your pan and get crispy.
	Serve as is, or garnish with additional cashews, lime wedges, and chopped green onion. Best when fresh. Leftovers keep covered in the refrigerator up to 4 days or in the freezer up to 1 month. Reheat on the stovetop until hot.

