Title: Raw Kale and Brussels Sprouts Salad with Tahini-Maple Dressing
Description: 
Source: CookieAndKate
Original URL: http://cookieandkate.com/2013/raw-kale-and-brussels-sprouts-salad-with-tahini-maple-dressing/
Yield: Serves 2
Active: 15 mins
Total: 15 mins
Categories: new, kale, salad
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/0c93cf95b4ed4f428f1bb80bef8eb38b.jpg
Ingredients:
	1 bunch of curly green kale
	12 brussels sprouts (about 2 big handfuls' worth)
	3 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted
	1/4 cup shaved Parmesan (use a vegetable peeler to shave the cheese into little strips)
	dash of sea salt
	coconut flakes (optional)
	pine nuts, toasted (optional)

[Tahini-maple dressing]
	1/4 cup tahini 《- use sesame oil instead
	2 tablespoons white wine vinegar
	2 teaspoons white miso
	2 teaspoons maple syrup <-- use honey instead
	Pinch of red pepper flakes
	1/4 cup water

Instructions:
	Use a chef's knife to cut out the ribs of the kale leaves. Chop the kale into small, bite-sized pieces. Sprinkle a dash of sea salt over the kale and use your hands to massage the kale by lightly scrunching handfuls of kale in your hands. Release and repeat until the kale becomes darker in color and more fragrant. Transfer the kale to a medium serving bowl.
	Chop off and discard the stem end of the brussels sprouts and any discolored outer leaves. Either use your knife to slice the sprouts as thin as possible, or shred the sprouts in your food processor using the slicing disk. Add the sprouts to the bowl and use your fingers break up any clumps.
	In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the tahini, vinegar, miso, maple syrup and red pepper flakes. Whisk in the water until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Some brands of tahini are thicker than others, so if your dressing is too thick, add a bit more water and/or vinegar, to taste. Pour the dressing over the kale and sprouts and mix well.
	In a small pan over medium heat, toast the almond slivers, stirring frequently, until fragrant and turning golden (this will take less than five minutes so watch carefully). Add the toasted almonds and parmesan shavings to the salad and toss. Serve immediately.

