Title: Savory Vegetable Bread Pudding
Description: 
Source: tasteloveandnourish
Original URL: http://www.tasteloveandnourish.com/2013/09/16/savory-vegetable-bread-pudding/
Yield: 8 servings
Active: 
Total: 2 hours
Categories: oven
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/08d4329ba51b4f07ac2a501e5249a9d3.jpg
Ingredients:
	1 baguette, day old, cut into 1 – 2 inch cubes
	3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
	1 onion large dice
	2 stalks celery diced
	1 red pepper
	8 ounces baby bella mushrooms
	1 eggplant
	1 medium zucchini
	1 large tomato
	2 large cloves garlic, sliced thinly
	4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed and stems discarded
	3 1/2 cups non fat milk
	5 large eggs
	1 teaspoon kosher salt
	1/2 teaspoon pepper
	1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
	2 cups Gruyere cheese, grated
	2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped

Instructions:
	In a 12 inch skillet over medium high heat, add 2 T. of the olive oil then the onions, celery, red pepper. Sauté for about two or three minutes then add the mushrooms, eggplant and zucchini. Continue cooking for another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomato, garlic and thyme and cook for just another minute. Season with just a pinch of salt and pepper. Remove from heat and set aside to cool a bit.
	Preheat your oven to 350 degrees.
	Spread the cubes of bread on a large baking sheet. Drizzle 1 T. (or a bit more if needed) of the olive oil over the cubes. Toss to coat. Toast them up a bit in the oven for about 20 minutes, tossing them every so often. When golden, remove from the oven and allow to cool a bit on the sheet.
	In a medium bowl, beat the eggs then whisk in the milk, salt pepper and nutmeg.
	In your largest casserole dish, butter the bottom and sides a bit and spread the cubes of bread throughout. Add the veggie mixture and pour the egg mixture over the top. Now, sprinkle the Gruyere in and give it all a little toss to get the cubes coated and to spread the love.
	At this point, you can cover the dish up with wrap and put it in the fridge for later. Just remember to take the casserole out at least 20 minutes before baking.
	If you are ready to bake, place the dish in the preheated oven and bake for about 45 minutes.
	Remove from the oven, sprinkle on some fresh parsley (and some fresh thyme if you’ve got some left over) and serve!

