Title: Spicy Kale and Coconut Stir Fry
Description: 
Source: cookie + kate
Original URL: http://cookieandkate.com/2014/spicy-kale-and-coconut-stir-fry/
Yield: Serves 2
Active: 30
Total: 10 mins
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/d26fd7733db148a6a60fb7b7a688b5f5.jpg
Ingredients:
	2 tablespoons coconut oil or quality vegetable oil
	2 eggs, beaten with a dash of salt
	2 big cloves garlic, pressed or minced
	3/4 cup chopped green onions (about 1/2 bunch)
	Optional: 1 cup thinly sliced vegetables, like bell pepper, carrot or Brussels sprouts
	1 medium bunch kale (preferably Lacinato but curly green is good, too), ribs removed and leaves finely shredded
	1/4 teaspoon fine grain sea salt
	3/4 cup large, unsweetened coconut flakes* (not shredded coconut)
	2 cups cooked and chilled brown rice**
	2 teaspoons reduced-sodium tamari or soy sauce
	2 teaspoons chili garlic sauce or sriracha
	1 lime, halved
	Handful fresh cilantro, for garnish

Instructions:
[WIP rewrite -- no eggs]
	make the rice
	separately, toast the coconut chips
	chop the veg and sautee in the big soup pot with the lid on
	add in the kale and rice
	add a smidge of water and close the lid
	this will help to steam the kale
	when the kale is wilty enough, add in the green onions, soy sauce, coconut chips, chili sauce, cilantro and everything else
	mix well
	turn off heat, close lid, for about 3 min to let the flavors get all up in there

[ORIGINAL]
	Heat a large (12-inch or wider) wok, cast iron skillet or non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Once the pan is hot enough that a drop of water sizzles on contact, add 1 teaspoon oil. Pour in the eggs and cook, stirring occasionally, until the eggs are scrambled and lightly set. Transfer the eggs to your empty bowl. Wipe out the pan if necessary with a paper towel (be careful, it's hot!).
	Add 1 tablespoon oil to the pan and add the garlic, green onions and optional additional vegetables. Cook until fragrant or until the vegetables are tender, stirring frequently, for 30 seconds or longer. Add the kale and salt. Continue to cook until the kale is wilted and tender, stirring frequently, about 2 minutes. Transfer the contents of the pan to your bowl of eggs.
	Add the remaining 2 teaspoons oil to the pan. Pour in the coconut flakes and cook, stirring frequently, until the flakes are lightly golden. Add the rice to the pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until the rice is hot, about 3 minutes.
	Pour the contents of the bowl back into the pan. Add the tamari, chili garlic sauce and juice of 1/2 lime. Stir to combine and set aside.
	Slice the remaining 1/2 lime into wedges, then divide the stir-fry into individual bowls. Garnish with wedges of lime and a sprinkling of torn cilantro leaves, with jars of tamari, chili garlic sauce and/or red pepper flakes on the side, for those who might want more.

