Title: Spiteful Gringa Potato Tacos
Description: A middle finger to La Fuente restaurant in Todos Santos, Baja, Mexico
Source: Anne's Imagination
Original URL: http://warmkitchen.wordpress.com/2013/01/30/spiteful-gringa-potato-tacos/
Yield: 6
Active: 
Total: 1 hr
Categories: taco, mexican, avocado, potato, beans
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/cedd3dfb6aee4b35adc1bd47a1ae5a40.jpg
Ingredients:
	10 small potatoes (New Potato sized), quartered
	1 tsp cumin
	1 avocado, mashed
	1 can black beans, rinsed (or about that much of your own soaked/cooked beans, which is what I used)
	3 cloves of garlic, finely diced
	1 tomato, diced
	1/2 medium onion, finely diced
	20 fresh cilantro leaves, chopped
	4 flour tortillas (small)
	salt to taste

Instructions:
	The plan here is to prep all of the ingredients, and then assemble them into a taco just before you eat it.
	Get those beans simmering on low with a little water, the garlic and half of your chopped onion (1/4 of an onion). You’ll want them to be soft so you can kind of mash them up a bit later.
	Quarter those little potatoes and brown them on the stove in some oil, cumin, and salt. I used avocado oil (whaaa? I know!) because it was in the kitchen.
	Once they’re browned, you can turn the heat down and cover the pan to cook the potatoes the rest of the way.
	In a dry skillet on medium heat, warm the flour tortillas until they puff just a little. Do them one at a time, flipping once, then set aside in a warm covered pot or skillet. Yes, this is quite the jugging act.
	Now make yourself some pico de gallo by finely dicing the tomato, remaining onion, and cilantro and mixing together in a small serving bowl.
	Mash the avocado in a small serving bowl with a fork. Make it smooth, but not perfectly smooth. Salt to taste.
	When the beans are hot and the potatoes are done, smash the beans up a bit.
	Assemble your taco by placing a freshly warmed tortilla on a plate. Plop and spread some beans around, then potatoes, then guacamole, then pico.
	Fold it soft taco style and enjoy!
	You may also enjoy adding lettuce, cheese, or additional hot sauce.

