Title: Sweet Potato Tofu Hash
Description: 
Source: LunchBoxBunch.com
Original URL: http://kblog.lunchboxbunch.com/2009/10/sweet-potato-tofu-hash-vegan-comfort.html
Yield: 4
Active: 
Total: 
Categories: tofu, vegan, vegetarian
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/b5db94c9ba3145d8b818412b5eaf18e9.jpg
Ingredients:
	1 1/2 cups cooked sweet potato, diced (1 large potato)
	15 ounces firm tofu
	1/2 cup shiitake mushrooms, sliced
	1 to 2 ounces raw almonds
	2 Tbsp olive oil
	2 Tbsp maple syrup
	2 Tbsp coconut or soy milk
	1 tsp salt
	1/4 cup parsley, chopped
	1/2 to 1 tsp liquid smoke
	2 tsp cumin powder
	1 Tbsp paprika
	pinch of saffron
	1 tsp fine black pepper
	optional: you can easily add scallions or a sweet onion to this dish (just saute about a 1/2 cup diced into the tofu saute)

Instructions:
	First, you'll prepare the tofu saute (it's similar to a tofu scramble). The tofu will be in crumbles rather than perfect cubes. This allows for a true 'hash' texture. Get all your ingredients out.
	Cook your sweet potato. I simply toss mine in the microwave for 5 minutes. But for a special holiday feast you may want to bake it in the oven so it gets that nice sticky caramelization. Set aside.
	Ingredients prep: Chop the raw almonds, leave them whole - I did some chopped and some whole. Since this is a 'hash' I like to still be able to see some of the whole ingredients. It's a hash, not a mash! Slice the mushrooms, chop the parsley and dice the onion (optional ingredient).
	Turn your stove on med-high. Place your olive oil, 1 Tbsp soy or coconut milk and saffron into a soup pan and wait until it starts to steam and sizzle.
	Add your mushrooms, onions, almonds and a pinch of your parsley. Saute for a few minutes, until mushrooms have shrunken in size.
	Add you tofu to the pan. You can either rough chop it into cubes before placing in pan, or simply use a spatula to break the tofu block into 'hash' while it's sauteing in the pan. Just be sure to break it into no larger than grape sized bits.
	Add the salt, pepper, liquid smoke, cumin and paprika.
	Saute tofu and veggies for about 3-5 minutes. You want all the seasonings and spices to penetrate the hashed tofu scramble.
	Midway through your tofu saute, add in 1 Tbsp maple syrup. Keep hashing and sauteing. The edges of the tofu should start to firm up. You don't want mushy tofu. If you have to cover the pan with a lid for a few minutes to cook with a gently braise, do that.
	Do a taste test of the tofu. It should taste delicious on its own. adjust salt/pepper/oil/sweeteners to you specific tastes. I like mine a little smoky, a little sweet and slightly spicy. I made this again and added in a chopped jalapeño for an intense spiciness! Time to add the sweet potato.
	Peel the cooked potato and slice it into rough cubes. Add it to your hash on the stove. Also add your last Tbsp of soy/coconut milk, and your last Tbsp of maple syrup. Do a gentle fold of the ingredients. Keep the heat at low-medium and allow the hash to cook for about 2 minutes. Fold every 20 seconds.
	Turn the heat off. Add your chopped parsley and some more black pepper. Fold the parsley into the hot hash. You want the parsley to get warmed just enough so that the flavor is released, but the leaves are still a bit chewy and crisp.
	Garnish with parsley. Serve when hot! You can place in a serving dish, cover and it will stay hot for a while-a great feature for holiday feasts and get-togethers.
	Notes: You can also substitute one Tbsp of oil with vegan buttery spread, for a more 'buttery' taste.
	You can use either maple or agave syrup. I like maple with sweet potatoes and spices.
	Another nice flavor add-in would be garlic and or sage.

