Title: Twice Baked Sweet Potatoes
Description: 
Source: Rachael Ray
Original URL: http://www.rachaelrayshow.com/recipe/15311_Twice_Baked_Sweet_Potatoes/index.html
Yield: 4
Active: 
Total: 
Categories: sweet potatoes, oven, tofu, soyrizo
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/53c6cfe04c6b41588f892648e68b07fc.jpg
Ingredients:
	4 large sweet potatoes, scrubbed well
	Extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO), for drizzling
	Salt and freshly ground black pepper
	1 pound chorizo, usually one package, casing removed and sliced into half moons
	1/2 cup chicken stock (eyeball it)
	3 tablespoons butter, softened
	1 cup pumpkin puree
	1 garlic clove, grated
	1 chipotle in adobo sauce, finely chopped, plus 1 tablespoon sauce
	1 teaspoon orange zest, juice of 1/2 orange
	1 tablespoon honey
	A pinch of nutmeg
	1 cup shredded smoked cheddar cheese
	A couple of scallions, green and white parts thinly sliced

Instructions:
	Preheat oven to 350F.
	Place the potatoes on a small baking sheet. Drizzle with a little EVOO and rub them with some salt and freshly ground black pepper. Bake them 45 minutes to an hour, until tender. When the potatoes have finished baking, remove them from the oven and allow them to cool enough that you can handle them.
	While the potatoes are cooling, heat a small skillet over medium heat and saut the chorizo until crisp, 4-5 minutes. Remove the cooked chorizo from the pan to a paper towel-lined plate and reserve. Preheat broiler to high.
	When you're able to handle the potatoes, cut them lengthwise, being careful not to cut them all the way through (you should be able to open the potato like a book). Scoop out the cooked insides using a spoon, then transfer them to the same pan you cooked the chorizo in. Make sure not pierce the skin of the potato, you want it to keep its shape.
	To the pan, add the chicken stock, butter, pumpkin, honey, garlic, chipotle and adobo sauce, orange zest, juice of 1/2 orange, nutmeg, salt and freshly ground pepper. Mash everything together using a potato masher.
	Carefully refill the potato skin shells with the mashed potato mixture and transfer them back to the baking sheet. Top each potato with some of the reserved crispy chorizo and a small handful of shredded cheese. Place the potatoes under the broiler to melt the cheese, about 1 minute.
	To serve, top each potato with some chopped scallions and serve a simple salad alongside.

